In this lecture I'm gonna show you how to connect a USP device to a virtual machine.
As an example I'm going to be connecting a wireless adapter to my Kelly machine but the same method
can be used to connect any US b device.
Now as mentioned in the course requirements you need a wireless adapter for the cracking section of
this course.
So these are the lectures where we're going to show you how to crack the passwords for Wi-Fi networks.
Other than that you can do everything else in the course without a wireless adapter.
What I mean by a wireless adapter is a USB device that connects through your speak to your computer
and it allows you to communicate with wireless networks.
Now most computers and laptops come with a built in wireless card.
The only problem is first of all you can't access built in wireless cards from a virtual machine.
Also even if you can.
So even if you install Kali as a main machine the built in wireless cards are not good for hacking because
we need a powerful adapter that supports monitor mode and packet injection.
And we're going to go into what each of these mean but basically the built in wireless adapter does
not support these modes and can't be used for hacking.
That's why I recommend powerful wireless adapters.
They're listed in the course requirements.
And I'm going to list them in the resources of this lecture and you can connect them to Carly like I'm
going to show you right now.
So I already have virtual box open and you just want to click the machine that you want to connect the
adapter to.
We're gonna go to its settings.
We're gonna go to port.
We're gonna go to SB and make sure that your SB is enabled and you want to pick the US b option that
is used by your adapter.
So it's either us B one two or three and for the adapter that I have.
It uses us B to then you want to come here to the plus sign and click on it.
Now you'll see that I have a number of devices that I can attach to the Kelly machine.
Now I still haven't connected the adapter.
So first of all I'm just gonna have a look on the available devices then I'm going to connect the adapter
and I'm going to list the devices again.
I did that because we're assuming that I don't know the name of my adapter because the name that you'll
see here is the name of the chipset that's used inside the adapter so it's not the brand name that you
see on the adapter itself.
So when I click on it now you'll see that I have a new entry called Arturo's and this is actually my
wireless adapter.
It's an alpha AWP as 0 3 6 and h a.
So I'm gonna click on it.
That's it.
Here.
I'm gonna click on.
Okay and that's the adapter added to Kali now before starting my virtual machine I'm going to physically
disconnect my wireless adapter and then I'm gonna connect the adapter once Curly fully loaded.
Now I'm going to started
so I'm gonna put my username which is rude and my password which is T O R OK.
Now Carly is fully loaded.
I'm gonna go and physically connect my wireless adapter and like I said I usually do this just to avoid
any conflicts now wants the adapter is connected.
You want to make sure that it's attached to Carly and to do that.
We're gonna go to the devices menu so we're gonna go all the way to the top.
We're gonna go to devices.
We're gonna go on USP and we're gonna make sure that this adapter right here is checked.
Now sometimes it might not be checked for you.
So click on it to check it for me it's already checked.
So I'm not going to click it.
And to confirm that the adapter is connected we can just go on terminal right here and type if config
this command lists all the interfaces that's connected to the machine.
And as you can see now it's shown an adapter called 9 0 which is the wireless adapter.
So if you have this in here that means your adapter is connected.
If you don't then ask in the discussions and I'll help you through this some adapters are not compatible
with Kelly so that could be the issue or the issue could be something else.
Also now if we go here on the top right you'll see that I have a Wi-Fi option which I can use to connect
to Wi-Fi networks.
Now we don't need to do this because I showed you how to setup and not network and carry already has
Internet access through this not network.
So we only need the wireless adapter to hack into other networks to crack their passwords.